Jarvis to Liton Das, no run  :  short of length outside off, dabbed towards cover-point by Liton
Jarvis to Liton Das, 1 run  :  another short of length ball, some extra bounce this time, Liton adjusts well to guide it towards third man. Bangladesh are off the mark
Jarvis to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  once again short of length, angling across the left-hander. A tentative push by Imrul towards point
Jarvis to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  length ball, much closer to the body this time, punched with a little bit more confidence, in the direction of cover
Jarvis to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  length ball, around off stump, Imrul comes forward and defends it right under his eyes
Jarvis to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  length again, fourth stump line, pushed towards mid-off
Chatara to Liton Das, no run  :  length ball, just outside off, dabbed towards point
Chatara to Liton Das, no run  :  <strong>a missed run-out chance</strong>. Length ball, Liton dabs it towards point and sets off, Sean Williams was quick to the ball and had all the time in the world to aim and throw. Liton had given up completely but Williams misses the stumps
Chatara to Liton Das, 1 wide  :  down the leg side and called a wide
Chatara to Liton Das, 1 run  :  once again on the pads, flicked away towards fine leg for a single
Chatara to Imrul Kayes, FOUR runs  :  fuller and wider outside off, Imrul goes up and over cover for the first boundary of the innings
Chatara to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  length outside off, defended this time
Chatara to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  length ball but on the pads once more, tucked away by Liton towards fine leg for a run
Jarvis to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  <strong>almost chopped on</strong>! It was a length ball, Imrul was looking to force it on the off side, gets an inside edge that just evades the stumps
Jarvis to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  fuller, outside off, Imrul comes forward and opens the face of the bat to run it past the second slip, the third man fielder cuts it off
Jarvis to Liton Das, no run  :  length outside off, comes forward and defends towards cover
Jarvis to Liton Das, no run  :  short of length outside off, Liton was looking to pull it squarer, but misses it altogether
Jarvis to Liton Das, no run  :  length outside off, Liton watches it before letting it go, some late seam movement there for Jarvis
Jarvis to Liton Das, no run  :  a tad fuller this time and pushed uppishly towards short cover where Raza takes it but signals straightaway to the umpires to refer it upstairs. The soft signal is out. It's close but he seems to have his fingers underneath the ball. They need a conclusive evidence to rule this not out. But the third umpire thinks the ball touched the grass there and Liton survives
Chatara to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  length outside off and Imrul has a wild swing at it, misses it completely
Chatara to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  a touch fuller and straighter, just outside off, defended
Chatara to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  short of length outside off, some extra bounce there for Chatara. Defended towards covers
Chatara to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  short of length outside off, driven towards point but straight to the fielder
Chatara to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  extra bounce, it jumps from short of a length and surprises Imrul who was looking to fend at it, gets hit near the shoulder
Chatara to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  length outside off, Imrul looks to go aerial but misses completely



Jarvis to Liton Das, no run  :  short of length outside off, dabbed towards cover-point by Liton
Jarvis to Liton Das, 1 run  :  another short of length ball, some extra bounce this time, Liton adjusts well to guide it towards third man. Bangladesh are off the mark
Jarvis to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  once again short of length, angling across the left-hander. A tentative push by Imrul towards point
Jarvis to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  length ball, much closer to the body this time, punched with a little bit more confidence, in the direction of cover
Jarvis to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  length ball, around off stump, Imrul comes forward and defends it right under his eyes
Jarvis to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  length again, fourth stump line, pushed towards mid-off
Chatara to Liton Das, no run  :  length ball, just outside off, dabbed towards point
Chatara to Liton Das, no run  :  <strong>a missed run-out chance</strong>. Length ball, Liton dabs it towards point and sets off, Sean Williams was quick to the ball and had all the time in the world to aim and throw. Liton had given up completely but Williams misses the stumps
Chatara to Liton Das, 1 wide  :  down the leg side and called a wide
Chatara to Liton Das, 1 run  :  once again on the pads, flicked away towards fine leg for a single
Chatara to Imrul Kayes, FOUR runs  :  fuller and wider outside off, Imrul goes up and over cover for the first boundary of the innings
Chatara to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  length outside off, defended this time
Chatara to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  length ball but on the pads once more, tucked away by Liton towards fine leg for a run
Jarvis to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  <strong>almost chopped on</strong>! It was a length ball, Imrul was looking to force it on the off side, gets an inside edge that just evades the stumps
Jarvis to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  fuller, outside off, Imrul comes forward and opens the face of the bat to run it past the second slip, the third man fielder cuts it off
Jarvis to Liton Das, no run  :  length outside off, comes forward and defends towards cover
Jarvis to Liton Das, no run  :  short of length outside off, Liton was looking to pull it squarer, but misses it altogether
Jarvis to Liton Das, no run  :  length outside off, Liton watches it before letting it go, some late seam movement there for Jarvis
Jarvis to Liton Das, no run  :  a tad fuller this time and pushed uppishly towards short cover where Raza takes it but signals straightaway to the umpires to refer it upstairs. The soft signal is out. It's close but he seems to have his fingers underneath the ball. They need a conclusive evidence to rule this not out. But the third umpire thinks the ball touched the grass there and Liton survives
Chatara to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  length outside off and Imrul has a wild swing at it, misses it completely
Chatara to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  a touch fuller and straighter, just outside off, defended
Chatara to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  short of length outside off, some extra bounce there for Chatara. Defended towards covers
Chatara to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  short of length outside off, driven towards point but straight to the fielder
Chatara to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  extra bounce, it jumps from short of a length and surprises Imrul who was looking to fend at it, gets hit near the shoulder
Chatara to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  length outside off, Imrul looks to go aerial but misses completely



Tiripano to Liton Das, no run  :  short of length, pulled straight to short midwicket
Tiripano to Liton Das, 1 run  :  length outside off, steered towards backward point where a fumble allows a single
Tiripano to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  on the pads this time and flicked away in the air, but falls well short of the man at deep square leg, only a single
Tiripano to Liton Das, no run  :  down the track to a short of length ball, it was wide as well and Liton had to reach for it in the end, toe-end it towards short midwicket
Tiripano to Liton Das, 1 run  :  once again use of feet but guided nicely towards third man this time
Tiripano to Imrul Kayes, FOUR runs  :  on the pads and flicked away in the air. The square leg fielder messes it up altogether, drops the catch and lets the ball roll to the fence
Chatara to Liton Das, OUT  :  finally a wicket for Zimbabwe! down the track and looks to chip it over mid-off. But Liton doesn't get his timing right and a good tumbling catch to his left by Zhuwao
Chatara to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  short of length and pulled awkwardly towards square leg, falls short of the fielder
Chatara to Fazle Mahmud, no run  :  another bouncer, but it sails over the batsman who ducks under it
Chatara to Fazle Mahmud, no run  :  fuller on stumps this time, pushed towards mid-on
Chatara to Fazle Mahmud, no run  :  length ball, comes forward and defends it on the off side
Chatara to Fazle Mahmud, OUT  :  a lifter there from Chatara and Bangladesh lose their second wicket. The debutant departs for a duck as he fends at this one and Taylor takes a one-handed catch, jumping to his left
Tiripano to Imrul Kayes, 1 leg bye  :  on the pads, Imrul misses the flick, an appeal for lbw but it was heading down
Tiripano to Mushfiqur Rahim, 1 run  :  fuller outside off, Mushfiqur goes for the drive, gets an inside edge to fine leg, not the best of the ways to get off the mark
Tiripano to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  fuller on pads and tucked away to the left of mid-on for a quick single
Tiripano to Mushfiqur Rahim, no run  :  back of length outside off, stays in his crease and defends solidly
Tiripano to Mushfiqur Rahim, 1 run  :  short of length, coming into the right-hander, steered towards third man
Tiripano to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  fuller outside off, driven but straight to the fielder at mid-off
Chatara to Mushfiqur Rahim, 1 run  :  length ball, comes forward and pushes it towards mid-on for a quick single, makes it comfortably in the end
Chatara to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  back of length, in the rib cage, tucked away towards square leg
Chatara to Mushfiqur Rahim, no run  :  length outside off, in the channel, left alone
Chatara to Mushfiqur Rahim, 1 run  :  on the pads this time, flicked away towards backward square leg for a single
Chatara to Imrul Kayes, 1 wide  :  slower one but down the leg side, that needs to be bowled again
Chatara to Imrul Kayes, 1 wide  :  short of length this time but once again down the leg side, another wide
Chatara to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  length ball, into the body this time, defended



Chatara to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  short of length, jumps at the batsman who pushes it back towards the bowler
Tiripano to Mushfiqur Rahim, no run  :  fuller on stumps, driven towards mid-on but straight to the man
Tiripano to Mushfiqur Rahim, FOUR runs  :  fuller and wider and Mushfiqur slashes at it, gets a thick outside edge which flies over Masakadza at first slip
Tiripano to Mushfiqur Rahim, 1 run  :  length outside off, opens the face of the bat to run it towards third man
Tiripano to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  length ball, comes forward and defends it towards cover
Tiripano to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  bouncer this time, but Imrul ducks under it quite comfortably
Tiripano to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  slower one, played with soft hands towards mid-on for a quick single
Chatara to Imrul Kayes, FOUR runs  :  short of length outside off, Imrul gets on his toes and punches it through covers for a crunching boundary
Chatara to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  length ball, on the pads, worked away towards backward square leg for a single
Chatara to Mushfiqur Rahim, no run  :  length ball, just outside off, Mushfiqur gets back and drops it on the off side
Chatara to Mushfiqur Rahim, 1 run  :  fuller this time, Mushfiqur comes forward and pushes it towards mid-off and sprints to the other end for a quick run
Chatara to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  short of length, Imrul was early into the shot and ends up chipping it towards square leg
Chatara to Mushfiqur Rahim, no run  :  length ball, comes forward and defends
Tiripano to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  angles this full across the stumps, defended.
Tiripano to Imrul Kayes, 2 runs  :  drive on the up, <b> just eludes backward point. </b> Saw the width and threw his bat at the delivery.
Tiripano to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  length ball angling away, he stands tall and punches to cover point.
Tiripano to Imrul Kayes, 1 wide  :  short but this is way over the batsman's head, left alone without a hassle.
Tiripano to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  slower length delivery angled across, defended from the crease.
Tiripano to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  looks to belt this over mid-on, but gets a thick inside edge to the fielder instead.
Tiripano to Imrul Kayes, SIX runs  :  beautiful shot. Sees this full, gets underneath the length and goes straight. Launched into the sightscreen. As a batsman, shots like those give you immense satisfaction. The smile told you a story. Friendly half-volley that time, deserved to be put away and this was quite magnificently.
Jarvis to Mushfiqur Rahim, 1 run  :  length outside off, steered to square third man
Jarvis to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  floats this full around off stump, driven authoritatively but straight to mid-off.
Jarvis to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  off a thick inside edge to square leg. Looked to punch this on the up.
Jarvis to Mushfiqur Rahim, 1 run  :  attacks the stumps with a length ball that veers in late, Mushfiqur tucks this down to fine leg.
Jarvis to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  whipped away to deep midwicket for an easy single.



Jarvis to Mushfiqur Rahim, no run  :  hits him high on the bat as he defends back towards the bowler.
Mavuta to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  starts well. Lands this on a length, just around middle, defended with soft hands.
Mavuta to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  drops short, he rocks back and pulls all along the ground to deep square leg.
Mavuta to Mushfiqur Rahim, 1 run  :  tossed up, invites the drive by pitching it on off stump. Driven with the spin to mid-off.
Mavuta to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  nurdled with the spin to square leg.
Mavuta to Mushfiqur Rahim, 1 run  :  turns this gently into the square leg region for an easy single.
Mavuta to Imrul Kayes, 2 wides  :  slips this down leg, the keeper can't gather cleanly and they'll scamper a bye in addition to the wide
Mavuta to Mushfiqur Rahim, no run  :  leading edge, but doesn't carry to the bowler. Mushfiq was looking to work this through midwicket
Jarvis to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  banged in short, excellent bouncer on middle, Imrul shapes to pull but bails out at the last moment. Excellent decision too.
Jarvis to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  slower length ball outside off, steers this straight to backward point.
Jarvis to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  lifter from a length on middle and off, Imrul takes a step across to defend but gets a thick inside edge towards square leg.
Jarvis to Mushfiqur Rahim, 1 run  :  well-controlled work off his wrists to square leg. Kept it all along the ground.
Jarvis to Imrul Kayes, FOUR runs  :  slower, fuller and belted away! Once again, picked this off his hand immediately and decided to straight downtown. Superb timing, aesthetically pleasing and result extremely satisfying. Superb from Imrul
Jarvis to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  <b> thick outside edge </B> to third man as he tries to work this to the leg side. Closed the bat face a little too early in trying to work this towards midwicket
Mavuta to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  skids one through on a length but outside leg, may have brushed the thigh pad as he tried to tickle fine.
Mavuta to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  gets outside the line of the stumps and smothers this tossed up delivery.
Mavuta to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  driven back hard, but well stopped by the bowler in his followthrough
Mavuta to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  beaten by the fizz, attempted googly but not much turn. He rocked back to cut but couldn't connect
Mavuta to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  too much width outside off, length way too short as well. Slapped away to deep point.
Mavuta to Mushfiqur Rahim, OUT  :  this is a short ball drifting in towards leg stump, Mushfiqur looks to pull, plays too early and in doing so has got some glove on this. Excellent grab down the leg side by the wicketkeeper, who may have been blinded just a touch. But his balance was superb as he made a swift move to complete the catch. <b> Dharmasena's decision overturned </b> and Bangladesh are wobbling.
Jarvis to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  stands tall and punches to deep point
Jarvis to Mohammad Mithun, no run  :  skiddy short of length delivery on the stumps, defended back.
Jarvis to Mohammad Mithun, no run  :  full on off, hint of movement away, defended into the off side with soft hands.
Jarvis to Mohammad Mithun, no run  :  gets half a stride in to stab this length delivery on off stump.
Jarvis to Mohammad Mithun, no run  :  punched but can't pierce the packed off-side ring. The cover fielder puts his left hand out to stop that.



Jarvis to Mohammad Mithun, no run  :  eases this length delivery carefully towards point.
Mavuta to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  slides across the shortish delivery, eased to sweeper cover.
Mavuta to Mohammad Mithun, no run  :  tucked to short fine, Imrul refuses the single.
Mavuta to Mohammad Mithun, no run  :  chipped, but just short of the man coming in from cover. Good bowling, got this to dip on Mithun.
Mavuta to Mohammad Mithun, FOUR runs  :  bounce from outside off, he shapes to cut but gets a thick edge over the slip fielder. Lucky boundary
Mavuta to Mohammad Mithun, no run  :  skids one in to cramp Mithun for room as he attempts to pull, gets a thick inside edge onto the pad.
Mavuta to Mohammad Mithun, 1 run  :  gets to the pitch and eases this with the spin to long-off.
Sikandar Raza to Mohammad Mithun, 1 run  :  works this to square leg for an easy single
Sikandar Raza to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  drops short, he makes room and cracks this to deep point
Sikandar Raza to Mohammad Mithun, no run  :  quicker one on middle and leg, turns this to the leg side, short fine come swooping in.
Sikandar Raza to Mohammad Mithun, 1 run  :  drilled down to long-on for an easy single
Sikandar Raza to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  slides one back in from round the stumps, gets a thick inside edge towards mid-on
Sikandar Raza to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  lunges forward and smothers this delivery quite nicely.
Mavuta to Mohammad Mithun, 1 run  :  crashed off the backfoot to deep cover.
Mavuta to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  works this with the spin to midwicket
Mavuta to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  googly that he reads off the pitch, bunted into the off side for a quick single
Mavuta to Mohammad Mithun, 1 run  :  breaks away from length outside off, draws him forward. Defended with soft hands.
Mavuta to Imrul Kayes, FOUR runs  :  pulled away into the gap. There was deep square, deep midwicket and he bisected the gap to perfection.
Mavuta to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  turns this into the gap at square leg.
Sikandar Raza to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  tossed up outside off, pushed back to the bowler.
Sikandar Raza to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  fired in quickly on a length, defended to short cover.
Sikandar Raza to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  right to the pitch of the ball as he eases to long-off and <strong>brings up his half-century</strong>
Sikandar Raza to Mohammad Mithun, 1 run  :  punches straight to cover
Sikandar Raza to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  gets to the pitch of the ball and drives down to long-off.
Sikandar Raza to Mohammad Mithun, 1 run  :  on the shorter side, he whips this down to deep midwicket



Mavuta to Mohammad Mithun, 1 run  :  tossed up on stumps, driven through extra cover for a single
Mavuta to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  length ball, around middle and leg, defended towards square leg
Mavuta to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  length again, on the pads, worked around the corner this time
Mavuta to Mohammad Mithun, 1 run  :  fuller outside off, Mithun looks to go big down the ground but ends up dragging it towards mid-on
Mavuta to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  length ball, just outside off, defended
Mavuta to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  down the track, looks to go over the top but ends up skying it towards deep extra cover, falls short of the fielder
Sikandar Raza to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  fuller on stumps, tucked away towards short fine leg
Sikandar Raza to Mohammad Mithun, no run  :  fuller and wide this time, hit firmly but cover fielder cuts it off
Sikandar Raza to Mohammad Mithun, no run  :  length ball, around middle and leg, pushed towards fine leg
Sikandar Raza to Mohammad Mithun, no run  :  length outside off, pushed towards extra cover off the front foot
Sikandar Raza to Mohammad Mithun, SIX runs  :  long hop and Mithun takes full advantage of that, pulls it over deep midwicket for a six with a lot of power
Sikandar Raza to Mohammad Mithun, no run  :  length ball, just outside off, defended this time by Mithun
Mavuta to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  a low full toss on leg stump, Imrul looks to work it inside out, couldn't get it past the extra cover fielder
Mavuta to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  fuller once again, pushed back towards the bowler
Mavuta to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  length ball, just outside off, Imrul steers it to short third man
Mavuta to Imrul Kayes, SIX runs  :  goes for the slog sweep and splits the gap in the deep, there was a backward square leg and deep midwicket in place but Imrul bisects them perfectly for a maximum. 100 comes up for Bangladesh with that six
Mavuta to Imrul Kayes, SIX runs  :  back to back sixes, it was short, just outside off, Imrul went deep and pulled it over midwicket this time
Mavuta to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  googly on the pads, played gently towards square leg for a quick single
Sikandar Raza to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  length ball, pushed towards long-off for a single
Sikandar Raza to Mohammad Mithun, 2 runs  :  short and wide and Mithun cuts it past short third man, sweeper cover puts in the full-length dive to prevent a boundary
Sikandar Raza to Mohammad Mithun, 2 runs  :  pitched up this time and driven towards deep extra cover for two more
Sikandar Raza to Mohammad Mithun, 1 run  :  fuller again and driven, a fumble by the man at extra cover allows a single in the end
Sikandar Raza to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  fuller outside off, driven, Raza makes a diving stop to his right
Sikandar Raza to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  tossed up on stumps, played inside out towards extra cover
Williams to Mohammad Mithun, 1 wide  :  starts with a down the leg side wide



Williams to Mohammad Mithun, no run  :  fuller on stumps, driven towards short midwicket
Williams to Mohammad Mithun, no run  :  length around middle and leg, defended back towards the bowler
Williams to Mohammad Mithun, no run  :  short of length outside off, goes for the cut but doesn't get the timing right, straight to the backward point fielder
Williams to Mohammad Mithun, no run  :  length ball, pitching on middle and spinning away, defended on the off side
Williams to Mohammad Mithun, no run  :  length ball, going in with the arm to beat the bat, an appeal for lbw but it was going down
Williams to Mohammad Mithun, no run  :  length ball around middle and leg, pushed back towards the bowler
Sikandar Raza to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  fuller on stumps, driven towards long-off for a walking single
Sikandar Raza to Mohammad Mithun, no run  :  length ball, around middle and leg, worked towards short midwicket
Sikandar Raza to Mohammad Mithun, SIX runs  :  tossed up outside off from around the wicket, gave Mithun enough room to free his arms who lofts it over long-on for a maximum
Sikandar Raza to Mohammad Mithun, SIX runs  :  <strong>another six</strong>! Almost an action replay of the previous ball, only it was hit a bit straighter. The Mirpur crowd has suddenly come alive
Sikandar Raza to Mohammad Mithun, no run  :  fuller and driven firmly back towards the bowler
Sikandar Raza to Mohammad Mithun, no run  :  length ball, just outside off, pushed towards the left of the bowler who dives across to stop it
Williams to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  short of length around middle and leg, punched back
Williams to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  length ball, on the pads, worked away towards backward square leg
Williams to Mohammad Mithun, 1 run  :  short of length outside off, cut away but there is a sweeper cover in place
Williams to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  length ball, on the pads, Imrul looks to glance but misses, the ball rolls towards short fine leg off the pads
Williams to Imrul Kayes, 1 wide  :  another one down the leg side and it's a wide this time
Williams to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  fuller outside off, driven back towards the bowler
Williams to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  length outside off, Imrul goes back and steers it towards deep backward point
Jarvis to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  short of length, around middle and leg, tucked away towards square leg
Jarvis to Mohammad Mithun, OUT  :  and gone! Another good catch by Taylor behind the stumps. It was a length ball, just outside off, Mithun pushes at it but extra bounce once again does the trick, forces an outside edge and a good tumbling catch by Taylor to his right
Jarvis to Mahmudullah, no run  :  length outside off, Mahmudullah comes forward and defends
Jarvis to Mahmudullah, no run  :  length again, Mahmudullah comes on the front foot and defends with an open face this time
Jarvis to Mahmudullah, no run  :  fuller outside off, driven firmly but the cover fielder cuts it off
Jarvis to Mahmudullah, OUT  :  and given! But Mahmudullah reviews it straightaway. It was a length ball, just around off stump, Mahmudullah pushes at it and the bowler and there is an appeal for caught-behind. Replays confirm there was a spike when the ball passed the bat and Mahmudullah departs for a duck



Williams to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  short of length outside off, Imrul goes for a cut but the ball kept low as he misses out
Williams to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  length ball, pushed towards short midwicket
Williams to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  length again, defended by Imrul
Williams to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  length outside off, dabbed towards point for a quick single
Williams to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, 1 run  :  fuller on stumps, driven towards long-on
Williams to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  <strong>a mix-up there</strong>. It was a length ball and Imrul works it around the corner, straight to the fielder but the non-striker was half-way down the track. However, he manages to undo his steps just in time
Jarvis to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, no run  :  length ball, just around off, defended
Jarvis to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, no run  :  length outside off, punched off the back foot but straight to the cover fielder
Jarvis to Mehidy Hasan Miraz, OUT  :  and another one departs, Mehidy Hasan this time and it's the fifth catch for Brandon Taylor. It was a length ball outside off, Mehidy went for the cut only to edge it behind
Jarvis to Mohammad Saifuddin, no run  :  length outside off, punched off the back foot towards covers
Jarvis to Mohammad Saifuddin, no run  :  length ball, just around off, kept a tad low but Saifuddin got his bat down just in time
Jarvis to Mohammad Saifuddin, no run  :  a tad fuller this time, Saifuddin comes forward and pushes it towards cover
Tiripano to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  short of length around off, defended
Tiripano to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  short of length around off, extra bounce there, pushed towards point
Tiripano to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  short of length once again but some room outside off this time, slashed towards sweeper cover
Tiripano to Mohammad Saifuddin, 1 wide  :  fuller but way too outside off, on the second bounce to the wicketkeeper
Tiripano to Mohammad Saifuddin, no run  :  <strong>edged and taken</strong> by Ervine at first slip. It was short of length, extra bounce once again doing the trick as Saifuddin pushes at it. A low catch there by Ervine but the umpires are not sure. They are checking upstairs, the soft signal is not out, mind you. Does he have his fingers underneath, it's very difficult to judge. After a million replays, the third umpire makes his decision in favour of the batsman
Tiripano to Mohammad Saifuddin, no run  :  and beaten. A similar line and length and similar response by the batsman. The only difference is he missed it this time
Tiripano to Mohammad Saifuddin, no run  :  length ball, just outside off, defended on this occasion
Chatara to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  short of length, around middle and off, defended
Chatara to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  short and pulled away but a brilliant diving effort by the man at deep square leg to keep it to just one
Chatara to Mohammad Saifuddin, 1 run  :  a tad fuller on the pads, tucked away towards square leg
Chatara to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  short of length on the pads, and another single to square leg
Chatara to Mohammad Saifuddin, 1 run  :  short of length, climbing towards the batsman who does well to keep it down, one more to square leg
Chatara to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  better line this time, length ball just around off stump, defended towards covers



Tiripano to Mohammad Saifuddin, no run  :  short of length outside off, defended towards short cover
Tiripano to Mohammad Saifuddin, 1 run  :  fuller and wider this time, driven towards deep extra cover
Tiripano to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  short of length, on the pads, tucked away towards square leg
Tiripano to Mohammad Saifuddin, no run  :  length ball, just outside off, punched towards cover-point
Tiripano to Mohammad Saifuddin, no run  :  fuller outside off, driven this time but once again in the same direction
Tiripano to Mohammad Saifuddin, no run  :  length ball, angling across the left-hander who defends it towards point
Chatara to Imrul Kayes, 1 bye  :  slower bouncer, the batsman ducks under it but it bounces just in front of Taylor who fails to gather it but does well to get some part of his body behind
Chatara to Mohammad Saifuddin, no run  :  length outside off, left alone
Chatara to Mohammad Saifuddin, no run  :  short of length, jumps at the batsman, who does well to keep it down
Chatara to Mohammad Saifuddin, no run  :  a touch fuller this time, Saifuddin goes for a drive but misses
Chatara to Mohammad Saifuddin, no run  :  length ball, comes forward and defends
Chatara to Mohammad Saifuddin, 2 runs  :  fuller on stumps, clipped away towards midwicket for a single. 150 comes up for Bangladesh
Tiripano to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  length ball, around middle, chipped uppishly towards mid-on but well short of the fielder
Tiripano to Imrul Kayes, FOUR runs  :  short of length and pulled away this time, over midwicket for a boundary
Tiripano to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  short of length this time, played gently towards square leg, straight towards the fielder, a loud no from Imrul there as he saw Saifuddin charging down
Tiripano to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  fuller and wider, driven towards sweeper cover
Tiripano to Mohammad Saifuddin, no run  :  length ball, just outside off, defended towards point
Tiripano to Mohammad Saifuddin, 2 runs  :  fuller and driven past the diving extra cover fielder, sweeper comes around to cut it off
Williams to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  goes right back into the crease and bunts this to short third man
Williams to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  grip and turn from the rough, beats the inside edge to hit him on the body. Imrul was deep inside the crease as he tried to play that
Williams to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  gets to the pitch of the ball and works this down to long-on
Williams to Mohammad Saifuddin, 1 run  :  shortens his length, punched to the bowler, who pushes it away as he dives to stop. They scamper a single
Williams to Imrul Kayes, FOUR runs  :  delightfully executed reverse sweep. Gave away his intentions early, but the bowler still drifted this across the left-hander. He was in superb position to power this past short third man. Rolled his wrists nicely to keep this all along the ground.
Williams to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  plays the conventional sweep this time, all along the ground to deep backward square leg.
Mavuta to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  eased to long-on



Mavuta to Mohammad Saifuddin, 1 run  :  turns this gently towards the man coming in from deep square leg.
Mavuta to Imrul Kayes, 2 wides  :  spins back in to beat the tickle down leg, Taylor fumbles and they get across for a bye as well, so two more to the score.
Mavuta to Mohammad Saifuddin, no run  :  squeezes this yorker-length delivery back to the bowler.
Mavuta to Mohammad Saifuddin, no run  :  goes right back into the crease to turn this tossed up delivery into the leg side.
Mavuta to Mohammad Saifuddin, no run  :  right behind the line as he defends.
Mavuta to Mohammad Saifuddin, 1 run  :  makes a bit of room and cuts to deep point.
Williams to Mohammad Saifuddin, 1 run  :  drops short, so he rocks back and pulls all along the ground to deep midwicket
Williams to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  rocks back and crashes this short delivery to sweeper cover.
Williams to Mohammad Saifuddin, no run  :  punches this straight to short midwicket
Williams to Mohammad Saifuddin, no run  :  sharp turn but the impact may have been just outside off. Thin inside edge too as he defended forward.
Williams to Mohammad Saifuddin, no run  :  lunges forward and defends this gently back to the bowler
Williams to Mohammad Saifuddin, 1 run  :  makes room and eases this into the gap at point for a single.
Mavuta to Mohammad Saifuddin, no run  :  tossed up on leg stump, smothered pretty nicely.
Mavuta to Mohammad Saifuddin, no run  :  full toss that has been whipped straight back to the bowler.
Mavuta to Mohammad Saifuddin, FOUR runs  :  rocks back and hammers this short delivery into the gap at midwicket. That will definitely break the shackles.
Mavuta to Mohammad Saifuddin, no run  :  leading edge that rolls into the off side, closed the bat face a little too early.
Mavuta to Mohammad Saifuddin, 1 run  :  jabs this away into the gap towards point for a quick single.
Mavuta to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  fires in a yorker, kept out somehow.
Williams to Mohammad Saifuddin, 2 runs  :  gentle push into the covers for a single, but he'll get an extra run because there's an overthrow at the bowler's end.
Williams to Mohammad Saifuddin, 1 run  :  makes a bit of room and punches into the gap at cover.
Williams to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  tossed up on middle and leg, worked with the spin towards deep midwicket
Williams to Mohammad Saifuddin, no run  :  right on top of the bounce as he turns this into the leg side.
Williams to Mohammad Saifuddin, 1 run  :  turns this into the gap between deep midwicket and deep square, good work by the boundary riders though.
Williams to Imrul Kayes, FOUR runs  :  bisects deep square and deep midwicket perfectly. Dropped short, he was right back inside the crease to muscle this into the gap, couple of bounces to the ropes. The crowd roars.
Sikandar Raza to Mohammad Saifuddin, no run  :  fired into the stumps from round the wicket, blocked.



Sikandar Raza to Mohammad Saifuddin, no run  :  eased with the spin towards cove point.
Sikandar Raza to Mohammad Saifuddin, no run  :  breaks away from length outside off, bunted to point.
Sikandar Raza to Mohammad Saifuddin, 1 run  :  drifts in to middle and leg, worked to square leg.
Sikandar Raza to Imrul Kayes, 2 runs  :  looks to flay this cut but gets a thick outside edge that races past short third man. <strong>Raises the half-century stand</strong>
Sikandar Raza to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  stands tall and punches this to sweeper cover.
Williams to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  works this down to long-on for an easy single.
Williams to Mohammad Saifuddin, no run  :  slides one across at length, bunted into the off side.
Williams to Mohammad Saifuddin, no run  :  firmly driven but straight to cover.
Williams to Mohammad Saifuddin, 1 wide  :  sharp turn but this spins back in to beat the pad, good take by Taylor.
Williams to Mohammad Saifuddin, FOUR runs  :  rocks back and pulls this into the gap at deep midwicket. Poor ball, too short and he had all the time in the world to open up the leg side and power this away. Valiant effort by PJ Moor.
Williams to Mohammad Saifuddin, no run  :  eased back to the bowler, who fires a throw to the keeper. Saifuddin was outside the crease and had to scamper back through a dive
Williams to Mohammad Saifuddin, no run  :  dabs this gently from the crease.
Tiripano to Imrul Kayes, 1 wide  :  sways out of the line of this short delivery but it was sprayed far too wide outside off.
Tiripano to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  <strong>there's his century!</strong> What a knock, what celebration! The cradle celebration. The dressing room is up on their feet to acknowledge a crucial knock. He got into of the bounce and turned this short of length delivery into the leg side for a quick single to bring up his landmark
Tiripano to Mohammad Saifuddin, 1 run  :  turns this wide of midwicket for another quick single.
Tiripano to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  pulls and misses. This short delivery was angling away, he was through with the stroke way too early.
Tiripano to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  drills this full delivery straight to mid-off.
Tiripano to Imrul Kayes, no run  :  full and angling away, he bunts this into the off side for a quick single.
Tiripano to Imrul Kayes, FOUR runs  :  right in his half and he drills this into the gap at deep extra cover. Magnificent timing, even better placement. Raises the 200 for Bangladesh.
Chatara to Mohammad Saifuddin, no run  :  slices this lofted hit on the bounce to sweeper cover.
Chatara to Mohammad Saifuddin, 1 run  :  appeal for caught behind as he tries to deflect this full delivery wide of the keeper. The sound was that of bat touching the ground.<strong> Zimbabwe have reviewed</strong> anyway and it <strong>comes back a no-ball</strong>, so whatever happens after that goes out of the window. Let's move on. Chatara's front foot was on the line and that belongs to the umpire. <b> Free-hit coming up </b>
Chatara to Imrul Kayes, 1 run  :  backs away, makes room and slaps this with all his might but on the bounce to the fielder at deep cover.
Chatara to Mohammad Saifuddin, no run  :  backs away to slap this over point but is beaten
Chatara to Mohammad Saifuddin, no run  :  keeps low as he stands tall to punch, pushed to cover.



